Algorithm for Using Elevator:

1. Upon entering building, check directory for number next to desired destination.

2. Remove 2 right-most digits from number in step 1 and store as "Desired Floor"

3. Walk to front of elevator entrance - indicated by large metal doors periodically sliding open and closed with circular buttons to right with triangle with point facing up and triangle with point facing down.

4. Find number/character immediately to right of sliding elevator doors. If character, store "Current Floor" equal to 1. Otherwise, store "Current Floor" equal to number found in this step.

5. If "Desired Floor" is greater than "Current Floor", press button to right with triangle with point facing up. Otherwise, press button with triangle with point facing down. 

6. Upon hearing bell sound, elevator doors will open. Then walk in to elevator 2 feet, turn 135 degrees to the right, and there will be an array of circular buttons with numbers on them. Press button that is equal to "Desired Floor". 

7. Move backwards 2 feet to empty space and turn to right 45 degrees.

8. Read display above array of buttons from step 6 - update "Current Floor" to this number whenever it remains constant for more than 2 seconds. 

9. When "Current Floor" is equal to "Desired Floor", elevator doors will open. Navigate through elevator doors. 

10. You have now reached "Desired Floor"


Algorithm for Making Kombucha:

1. Create list of all necessary supplies for kombucha and store in "Supplies": 
* Stainless steel pot with at least 1 gallon capacity
* Glass container with large opening on top with at least 1 gallon capacity
* SCOBY (Symbiotic Colony of Bacteria an Yeast)
* Fine mesh strainer
* Cheese cloth
* Rubber band large enough to fit around neck of glass container
* Glass jars
* 3.5 quarts filtered water
* 1 cup sugar
* 18g green tea


2. For each item in "Supplies", compare to "Current Supplies" at home. If item in "Supplies" does not appear in "Current Supplies", add to "Shopping List".

3. If SCOBY exists on "Shopping List", order from this URL: http://www.culturesforhealth.com/kombucha-tea-starter-culture.html

4. If Glass container exists on "Shopping List", order from this URL: https://www.amazon.com/1-gallon-USDA-Fermentation-Glass-Jar/dp/B006ZRBGSC/ref=sr_1_1

5. If any other item from "Supplies" exist on "Shopping List", drive to Safeway.

6. Purchase each item except SCOBY and glass container in at least the quantity/weight listed in "Shopping List".

7. Return home. 

8. Once all "Supplies" have been obtained, boil 3.5 quarts of filtered water on stove. 

9. Turn off stove and wait 5 minutes. 

10. Pour 1 cup sugar and 18g green tea into hot water to create "Sweet Tea".

11. Wait 1 hour, then pour "Sweet Tea" through fine mesh strainer into glass container noted in "Supplies"

12. Add SCOBY to glass container

13. Place cheese cloth over top of glass container and secure with rubber band around neck. Store at temperature between 66 degrees and 72 degrees fahrenheit. 

14. Wait four weeks and test kombucha.

15. If it is too sweet, wait 1 week and test again. Otherwise, pour it from glass container into glass jars and place in fridge. It has now become kombucha.

16. Consume kombucha at your leisure.